updated the "Assigning permissions..." to new ui (#1517)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: server_admin/topics/roles-groups/proc-converting-composite-roles.adoc

.Procedure

ifeval::[{project_community}==true]
. Click *Realm Roles* in the menu.
. Click the role that you want to convert.

> . Click the "Action menu"
> . Click *Add associated roles*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the *Action* list, select *Add associated roles*.
```
